# My AI Reflection
While my project was one hundred percent my own self typed code, AI definitely played an important role assisting and improving my code. The very clear first use of AI on my project actually comes from before any source code had been typed. This project was my first time ever pushing anything to GitHub, and while I was able to follow most of the instructions, I ran into an issue with my personal computer in Microsoft PowerShell and AI was able to help me resolve the issue by giving me suggestions on how to resolve the issue and what might be causing it.

My code was essentially split into three separate parts: sports_stats.py, add_player.py, and main.py. Starting with sports_stats.py, this code was one hundred percent my own code with absolutely no AI involved. This is because when I envisioned my project this was the code that pretty much came to my mind without much thought. I did use www.w3schools.com/python for some refreshers on specific concepts related to my project, but outside of that the code was done completely on my own.

The next and by far the biggest piece of my source code was add_player.py. While all the code in this file was typed by me, this is where I required the most assistance. I ran into two specific problems while trying to make my app. Add_player.py is designed for me as a place to input players and separate them by sport, as well as store them in a csv. The first issue kept arising where I was confident my code was correct, but I kept getting a file not found error. Eventually I manually created the csv file database.csv, and then I asked AI what I should have done to fix my error. In summary AI told me I should have used try and expect. While I had heard of these before I had very minimal experience with them. The second issue arose because in my original csv it only supported two values, a name and a sport. It now needed to support three additional values. After struggling for a while I eventually asked AI to give a code that would work and I copied that into my app by hand. This was the only part of the project I had to copy over directly from AI. Most of my other uses of AI on add_player.py were suggestions on how improve my code or make it look cleaner. Some of these I used and some I did not. Finally, in main.py most of the AI usage was just suggestions about how it thought I should improve my code, as the vast majority of the work was just imported from the other two files.
Overall, I definitely found using AI on my project to be helpful. I think the impact of AI on my project at its core is simple: I couldn’t let this project become an AI project and not my own. The benefits of AI are that it can give you working code for anything. The downside is found when you overly rely on AI. I think I was able to find a good balance during this project.
